add FoxWallet guide (#1895)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: content/en/smart-contracts/wallets/foxwallet/index.md

---
title: "FoxWallet"
description: "This page explains what FoxWallet is, and how to integrate it into the Filecoin network."

> lead: "FoxWallet fully supports the Filecoin ecosystem from scratch. It has integrated the Filecoin EVM-runtime smart contract underhood, thus providing users with great experience transferring FIL and from and to f4 address without manual setup."

Reviewer: Phrasing is difficult to parse here, suggested edit

```suggestion
lead: "FoxWallet is a decentralized, multi-chain wallet with full support for Filecoin. It integrates with the Filecoin Ethereum Virtual Machine (FEVM), allowing users to easily transfer FIL to and from `f4` address without manual setup. This guide explains how to transfer FIL using Foxwallet."
```

Reviewer: After rewriting this, I'm actually not sure I rewrote it correctly. It's not clear what the intended goal of this guide is to me

draft: false
images: []
type: docs
menu:
  smart-contracts:
    parent: "smart-contracts-wallets"
    identifier: "foxwallet-267ec13d0fa955434668596c120d0f35"
weight: 320
toc: true
---

> Through the built-in FilFowarder secured by Filcoin, [FoxWallet](https://foxwallet.com) provides an easy and reliable transaction experience for the end users. 
> This guide shows you how to transfer FIL via Foxwallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FoxWallet uses Filecoin's built-in [FilFowarder]({{< relref "/smart-contracts/wallets/filforwader" >}}), a smart contract that lets users transfer FIL from an Ethereum-based `f4` address to a Filecoin address of a different type.  To use FoxWallet, you must set up and configure FoxWallet before beginning the transfer process, described below.
```

> ## Configure FoxWallet
> 1. Create or import a wallet after [downloading FoxWallet](https://foxwallet.com/download).
> 2. In "Me" — "Networks", you can find `Filecoin` and `Filecoin EVM` out there. The `Filecoin` network uses the `f-style` address, while `Filecoin EVM` uses the Ethereum-style `0x` address.
> 
> ## Transfer 
> 1. Go to the "Wallet" page. Choose `Filecoin` network.
> 2. Click "Receive" to get your `f-style` address. FIL can be transferred to this address via exchange withdrawals, or other tools that support `f1` address. 
> 
>     ![Click "Receive" to get your f-style address](receive.png)
> 3. Switch to the `Filecoin EVM` network. Click "Receive" to get your Ethereum-style `0x` address, copy it.
> 4. Back to the `Filecoin` network in FoxWallet. Click "Send" and paste your Ethereum-style `0x` address in the blank. The corresponding `f4` address will be displayed in FoxWallet.
> 
>     ![Click "Send" and paste your Ethereum-style address](send.png)
> 5. Input the amount of FIL you’d like to transfer and then click "Confirm", check out your account later.
> 6. Reverse the steps 2,3,4 if you would like to transfer FIL from `0x(f4)` to `f1`. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup and configuration

1. [Download FoxWallet](https://foxwallet.com/download).
1. Start the FoxWallet application.
1. For the purpose of this tutorial, select **Create wallet** to create a new wallet. Alternatively, select **Import wallet** to import an existing wallet.
1. Accept the FoxWallet service agreement.
1. Enter a **Wallet name** and **Set password**. You can also enable or disable biometric authentication, and enter an invite code.
1. Click **Confirm**.
1. Taking note of the security warning, click **View seed phrase**.
1. In the generated seed phrase, note the terms and the order in which they appear.
1. Copy and store the backup seed phrase in a safe place. You will need it later in the setup process.
1. Click **Confirm backup**.
1. In the text box, enter the seed phrase by clicking each term in the order you noted in the previous step.
1. Click `Next`.
1. In "Me" — "Networks", you can find `Filecoin` and `Filecoin EVM` out there. The `Filecoin` network uses the `f-style` address, while `Filecoin EVM` uses the Ethereum-style `0x` address.

## Transfer 
1. Go to the "Wallet" page. Choose `Filecoin` network.
2. Click "Receive" to get your `f-style` address. FIL can be transferred to this address via exchange withdrawals, or other tools that support `f1` address. 

    ![Click "Receive" to get your f-style address](receive.png)
3. Switch to the `Filecoin EVM` network. Click "Receive" to get your Ethereum-style `0x` address, copy it.
4. Back to the `Filecoin` network in FoxWallet. Click "Send" and paste your Ethereum-style `0x` address in the blank. The corresponding `f4` address will be displayed in FoxWallet.

    ![Click "Send" and paste your Ethereum-style address](send.png)
5. Input the amount of FIL you’d like to transfer and then click "Confirm", check out your account later.
6. Reverse the steps 2,3,4 if you would like to transfer FIL from `0x(f4)` to `f1`. 

```

Reviewer: As a non-expert on FoxWallet,  this process, as it is currently written, is unclear, and needs a general rewrite and a lot more detail and clarification. There's also a number of general writing and formatting issues.

- The full setup and configuration process was not described
- Markdown formatting was incorrect in some places. For example, we use `1.` for all ordered list instead of a sequence of numbers>
- Steps should be atomic; that is, each ordered list item should correspond to a single clear action, not multiple actions. Example: `1. Go to the "Wallet" page. Choose `Filecoin` network.` should be broken into separate steps.
- Some steps are very ambiguous (last step in the configuration section)
